# Weekly meeting

When: 17/12/24, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Jesse, Nicole, Yannic, Gracee, Darren
Scribe: Nicole

# Notes

- Aapeli talks about board meeting take-aways.
  - Nicole joined the board.
  - We're going to focus our identity on being a safe and active community.
  - Ban on nudists
- Aapeli: We now have strong verification to verify your account with your passport.
  - Adds extra security to the platform and verifies age and gender.
- Nicole: Decide about map clear filter button
  - Button will say "clear filters"
  - Button will be disabled until there is at least one filter
- Nicole: Decide what information should be in a public event.
  - Nicole will make a suggestion based on events.proto and we'll decide in Slack.
- Nicole: Presented new sub issues feature on Github projects
  - Discussion on what counts as s sub issue, what counts as a feature
  - A epic is something that needs all pieces done to be released to prod and can be done in a reasonable time, say 1-2 months.
  - A sub issue is a thematic piece that encapsulates a specific part of the functionality for that epic, i.e. creating backend api, sharing event, making event page.
  - In general we will stick with single tickets, but when a feature has many moving parts, the new subissue tickets are good to keep track of everything in one place.
- Jesse: Right now only users can be deleted, but other things cannot. For moderation, it's important.
  - Need api to delete things. Specifically comments and discussions.

# Updates

- Aapeli: Fixed the strong verification, merged UsersList component, some email fixes. Next: Discussions - notifications, admins ability to change discussion content. Badges PR needs review.
- David: Took over Marco's PR and fixing the empty square on the map.
- Jesse: Created a ticket to fix broken help center link, triage bug reports. Volume of support tickets increased this week, testing PRs. Next: Help out with the volunteer newsletter, create an epic for the community discussion stuff (APIs for deleting, hiding, and editing, notification stuff, addition of report flag, no empty replies, etc).
- Yannic: Really busy right now. Interviewed Sina and he's joining us! Trying to finish survey analysis. Spoke with Ido about interview.
- Gracee: Traveling until end of December. Plans to finish clear filters PR before going.
- Darren: Helping with reviews and providing historical context. Would like to expand how we're using Next.js eventually.
- Nicole: Opened PR React 18 and addressed first round of review comments, working on defining tickets better. Next: Get React PR merged, fix firefox scrolling bugs, some smaller package upgrades like eslint before Next.js.
