# Dev meeting

When: 5/11/24, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Ivan, Krishna, Navi, Nicole, Yannic

# Notes

* Jesse and Kate couldn't make it
* Consensus: US elections are fucked
* Introductions since Navi is new :)
* David: what's the state of backend translations?
  - Aapeli: they don't exist, but a ticket does: [#4353](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/issues/4353)
  - Krishna: we should explore AI tools to speed up translation
* Krishna: how are the 4 high priority map changes going?
  - David: going slow but steady
* People have been traveling some
  - Krishna: how is finding hosts on Couchers?
  - Aapeli & Yannic: yes, it's been easy and there's now a bunch of hosts and activity around the place
* Krishna: what's an important backend issue to work on next?
  - Aapeli: common issue on responding to past requests
* Nicole joins
* Nicole: inactive/abandoned PRs/tickets
  - Consensus: two weeks of no inactivity leads to a reminder, then 2 weeks later another reminder, then 2 weeks afterwards the issue/PR is abandoned
  - Implementation: github actions probably
  - Nicole: will create the ticket
  - Navi: will give it a shot
* Nicole: question about the volunteer agreement
  - Aapeli: when devs contribute code, they do it under MIT, but for designers etc, we'd need them to sign an agreement that they give Couchers, Inc. a license to use their work
* Nicole: question about cookie banner
  - There was a question about whether the banner should be dismissable
  - Consensus: yes it should be dismissable with a cross or similar
* Nicole: showing the project boards she's made
  - It looks good overall to people, clean and useful
  - Aapeli: we should make the boards public, fear not strangers (it doesn't happen)
  - Aapeli: we should embrace these boards and use them for them to be useful and be kept up to date, so let's all try to use them and see our work through them
  - Big discussion on various things related to the boards
* Aapeli: we should assign github responsibilities
  - Web dependabot: Nicole, David, Aapeli
  - Backend dependabot: Aapeli
  - Following up on bugtool issues: Kate
  - Cleaning up issues: the issue tracker is a big conversation
  - Tending to project boards: Nicole is happy to do some tending of the project boards, but not sure of long-term being in charge
* Aapeli: write note on active channel on dependabot PRs
* Yannic: map discussion
  - How should we keep track of what's been discussed/agreed on?
  - Suggestion: create a Slack channel, and keep a google doc with what's been agreed on
  - "Consensus:" is good
  - Yannic: will create channel
* Ivan: are issues not being groomed?
  - Aapeli: yes, probably a big problem with the issue tracker is that no one has been looking after it for a while

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: wants to think more about project priorities, so maybe less code this week
  - David: working on the map filters
  - Ivan: working on the explore (map search) tab of the app, autocomplete to go to cities, thinking about filtering on map
  - Krishna: has a PR that's waiting for review from Aapeli, then working on making it possible to respond to past requests
  - Navi: github actions for abandoned/inactive issues/PR
  - Nicole: a whole bunch of PRs, wanting to concentrate on tech debt
  - Yannic: map channel, survey, multiple pictures
