# Dev meeting

When: 12/11/24, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Ivan, Jesse, Kate, Nicole

# Notes

* Nicole: Do we still want issues to auto add to Engineering Backlog?
    - We decided no, except we need to keep track of bug issues
    - Jesse suggested making separate board for bugs. David said three boards is enough.
    - Discussion on boards, slack notifications
    - Decided we will not auto-add, but will make a Slack channel for bugs, and create an automation that posts them to the channel when a new bug issue gets added. We can use this as an overview and add important issues to the project boards.
* Nicole: Do we want to move everything from the old "Ideas" backlog to the new project "Backlog" board?
    - Discussion on making sure we address everything vs. the fact that most of the issues are from 2021 and many not relevant anymore.
    - Decided not to add everything. The ones listed top priority and should have are moved, the rest won't be. 
* David: How should we do interviews for the new people who applied to be developer olunteers?
    - David will suggest two time slots on Slack, one during week and one weekend, to do another batch interview.
    - We discussed keeping a regular timeslot free before or after weekly meetings that we can use for volunteer interviews. This was done during the pandemic and seemed to work well.
* [New UI/UX Designer position is up on the website](https://couchers.org/volunteer/ui-ux-designer)! Please share on LinkedIn, and with your friends!
* Jesse: Are we happy with the new safety references design? Jesse shared the ticket with the designs.
    - We said yes, but make ticket more clear and to the point for what needs to be done.
    - General discussion on brain dump tickets. Good for ideation phase. Let's make sure the tickets on "Couchers Engineering" board" are more to the point with just the information and design needed for the feature. Extra hard for non-native English speakers to have to read walls of text to find what's relevant.
* Ivan: Working on the map search for the app. Struggling with the map layers for mobile as he can't do it the same way as web. 
    - Aapeli and David offered to look at it together when he's ready.
* Jesse: brought up sometimes people delete their accounts rather than mark themseles as not hosting, not meeting.
    - We discussed making an "Are you sure?" popup when user goes to delete account to remind them they can change their settings rather than delete if they want.
    - David will make the ticket for this, it's a pretty easy quick frontend win.
* Nicole: What's the process if a volunteer picks up a bug ticket and can't replicate?
    - If they are new or more junior, a more senior/longer-term volunteer should take a look before marking it closed. In general feel free to tag one more person to sanity check before closing it.
* We managed the meeting in an hour today!
    - Most people seem to like the shorter meeting. Some people don't mind staying longer to chat.

* What everyone's working on:
    - Nicole: Material-ui v5 upgrade, it's miserable. Next: Finish that, material UI style change, React 18, then material ui v6.
    - David: Did some product management, helped sort tickets on new board. Next: Keep working on the map filters, organize the batch interview for new volunteers.
    - Kate: Getting familiar with codebase. Will continue finishing tests for empty comment ticket.
    - Aapeli: Thinking about Couchers priorities, rearchitecting map backend, work on active as probing, went through most open bugs. This week also same.
    - Ivan - Working on mobile map
    - Jesse - Cleared out chatwoot, created a bunch of communities, worked on some tickets. Next: Continue building more communities.
    - Navi: Couldn't attend today, but sent update that sheâ€™s started playing with the repo and did some research on how to write the workflow for abandoned tickets.

