# Weekly meeting

When: 10/12/24, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chalen, Gracee, Jason, Jesse, Justyna, Krishna, Nicole
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Intros, welcoming newcomers
* Nicole: can we get rid of storybook?
  - Requires a big migration since it's not compatible with the new React
  - Do we really need it?
  - Pros:
    - it's nice in theory
    - easy to see components without manually doing testing
    - possible to reach otherwise unavailable states (e.g. loading states)
    - maybe useful for UI/UX folks?
  - Cons:
    - requires a big react upgrade
    - nobody seems to be using it
    - it's broken and we don't have all components there anyway
    - there's a general feel of sunk cost fallacy
  - We really have two choices: either embrace it seriously, or then just get rid of it
  - Aapeli: feels we should ditch storybook
  - Chalen: will have a look at how other organizations/companies are using Storybook, supernova, figma, etc for UI/UX and dev 
  - Consensus: Nicole will break it for now so she can do the react migration, we'll get back to it first meeting of January
* Justyna: questions about communities
  - Working on alphabetizing communities
  - Aapeli: showed the community creation tool and where communities are on the platform
  - Aapeli: big overview of the whole "communities" side of features, historical context on trichotomy of planned architecture/backend/frontend implementation
* Conversation veered into high level priorities
  - The "communities" set of features isn't a big priority right now
  - Aapeli: has in his mind a high-level strategy
    - We should push for ditching beta in around 6 months
    - Has a list of some dev things that should be done by then, as well as some non-dev things (like rebranding)
    - Board needs to meet and discuss priorities as well
* Updates
* Aapeli: would we benefit from more structured meetings with agenda compiled largely in advance?
  - We will call for agenda items on Slack before the meeting
  - Will keep general discussion to 40 min to leave 20 min for updates

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: mostly travelling, next working on open PRs, Strong Verification which is broken, console bug
  - Nicole: React upgrade, needs to upgrade react-hook-form simultaneously, will require rigorous testing
  - Jason: looking for a backend ticket, maybe #5174
  - Krishna: working through final round of review on PR for search filters, working next on past request logic
  - Gracee: got two PRs merged in (spinners and re-adding bug report button), working on clearing filters on map next #5275
  - Jesse: moderation riff-raff, did some reviews of PRs
  - Justyna: working on community sorting, looking for her next issue
  - Chalen: looking for a ticket relating to design, the Storybook stuff, chatting with Nicole about styling upgrade
