# Dev meeting

When: 26/11/24, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Douglas, Gracee, Ivan, Jesse, Justyna, Nicole, Saifullah, Sam, Tristan, Yannic

# Notes

* Intros
* Aapeli: have some PRs that have things relying on them, looking for someone to review?
* Aapeli: what's going on with the stale PR/issue bot?
* Nicole: we need more frontend reviewers
* Code review
  - Looking at the vercel previews and clicking around is good!
  - Even pulling the branch and looking at it helps
  - Helps to have a second pair of eyes on code
  - Helps also to learn new things from other devs and distribute knowledge about our codebase
* Yannic: what's this Couchers google calendar?
  - Nicole: can add anyone who wants to be on it
* Jesse: created a bunch of communities
  - Can't create more now because of pagination issue on console
* Aapeli: thinking about moving admin panel to main platform from console
  - Hoping that we can have slightly lower testing standards on the admin panel
  - Reason for console is that Aapeli can hack stuff together without worrying about code quality
  - Eventually we'll want to merge the two, so we should do it sooner rather than later
* Aapeli: how is the mobile app going?
  - Ivan: working on map
  - Ivan: looking at how the map search is working, question about why it's done the way it's done
  - Ivan: coordinate build with Aapeli
* Jesse: is there a "clear filter" button for the map?
* Sam: wants to start reaching out to journalists, etc
  - What are our standout features/angle compares to other platforms?
  - Aapeli:
    - Being the most safe, and healthy/wholesome community platform
    - Strong verification
    - Powerful moderation tools and active moderation
    - Nudging users to use the platform well: requiring full profiles to message, etc
  - Sam: will put a draft together of key messages
* Aapeli: quick recap of call with Trustroots
* Nicole: we're moving from `makeStyles` to `styled`: look for examples
* Aapeli: we should move from #active-couchers back to #general
  - Consensus: seems like a good idea
* Some chatting about reddit

* What everyone's working on:
  - Nicole: finished material ui upgrade!!, merged some other frontend fixes, working on react 18 upgrade
  - Aapeli: took over badge pages PR, been doing some frontend things, merged a bunch of stuff
  - Yannic: working on user survey, mod API to remove comments
  - Ivan: working on mobile map
  - Jesse: community creation spree, interviews, blocked by pagination issue
  - Saifullah: setting up dev environment
  - Douglas: setting up environment, working on #5174
  - Gracee: set up environment, centering divs
  - Sam: will put together a draft of key messages and start getting in touch with journals, etc
  - Tristan: working on admin API to track duplicate accounts (#4355), then maybe (#5173)
  - Justyna: left early, working on sorting communities alphabetically
