# Dev meeting

When: 29/10/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Jesse, Kate, Krishna, Nicole

# Notes

* Nicole: we should have a better way to do good first issues
  - Nicole: could we make a project view that helps see good first issues?
  - Nicole: will continue the project view setup from Tristan
* Nicole: which pages ought to not have a footer?
  - Came up in messaging page redesign PR
  - Nicole: will have a think about how to proceed
* Jesse: new events page
  - Jesse: it's awesome
  - Jesse: there is an issue with images being stretched/wrong aspect ratio
  - Nicole: will check (had image upload issues before)
  - Jesse: will make an issue
  - Jesse: cancelled event logic
* Jesse's awesome birthday party is coming up, big chat
* Aapeli: did some thinking/updates on map
  - Aapeli: couldn't find a good color for incomplete profiles
  - Jesse: will help when they meet
  - Aapeli: implemented gzip compression which reduces the map layer from 7 MB to <1 MB
  - Aapeli: experimented with backend clustering
* Jesse: quick recap of some map meeting stuff
  - Jesse: there was a discussiona bout whether we need full-world filtering
  - Krishna: priority 1: 2 column list (increase list view area), pagination, switching between list/map, ability to change gradually between small/big map
  - Krishna: it's really important that we present a lot of useful information by default, that is, showing many users and their profiles
  - Aapeli: will not start on backend refactor yet, until we've experimented with the frontend a bit first
  - David: has made tickets for each of Krishna's 4 key points
  - Consensus: Krishna's points are a great place to start
  - Jesse: spinner should be more visible
* Nicole: recruiting
  - Jesse: trying to get UI/UX post written by tonight
  - Nicole: should we all post on linkedin to get more engineers?
  - Aapeli: we should set up a regular meeting time for onboarding meetings
* Discussion on recruiting juniors

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: wrap up more PRs, then the other common issues, then wants to work on activeness probes, think more about map
  - David: map filters (implementing the ones from the backend in the frontend)
  - Jesse: caught up with life, UI/UX volunteer page, support, creating missing communities
  - Kate: working on issue to stop it from being possible to leave empty comments, going to chat with Nicole about testing it, will write on Slack about how to set up reaching out to bug reporters
  - Krishna: map stuff?, had to leave early
  - Nicole: events merged!!, event fixes merged, working on mobile message layout fix, getLiteUsers, maplibre upgrade, clean up on project board
