# Dev meeting

When: 03/12/24, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Jesse, Nicole, Gracee, Yannic, Krishna, Aapeli

# Notes

* Gracee - discussion on missing spinners.
* Jesse - upgraded chatwoot. Help center is hosted on chatwoot. Upgrade messed up all our mailto links. Jesse fixed it.
* Discussion on how we decide culture fit for Couchers.org volunteers are
    - A combo of coucherfing experience, time, experience.
    - Good to do interviews so person has a personal connection.
    - Chance to see we are real people.
* Krishna - asked where things stand with David and the map.
* Aapeli - has been in touch with uni students trying to do some tickets.
    - Discussion on whether we should accept students who only have very short time to get stuff done.
    - Might not be worth it if they're only available a few weeks as it takes time to onboard them, but if they're motivated and free a whole semester that's better.
* Aapeli - strong verification broke. Annoying they made breaking changes without telling us but it will be easier to use with the new changes.
* Aapeli - added languages to support list
* Jesse - should we leave small, simple PRs for new people?
    - Yes and no. Depends how time intensive they are, but also good to save some good starter tickets for new volunteers.
* Nicole - how do we find out who was a past volunteer? 
    - Can export from Monday
    - Our mailing list is ListMonk
    - Jesse will make list of past volunteers in ListMonk.
    - Nicole will try to write newsletter to be ready for new year.
- New kanban to organize Monday volunteers. It looks way better, thanks Jesse!
- Jesse gave demo of our volunteer board on Monday.
- Talked about event notifications being a priority. Aapeli has an existing ticket he's working on.

* What everyone's working on:
    - Jesse: Redid the Monday volunteer board, fixed chatwoot mailto emails, created some new help center pages. Next: Newsletter lists, support work like always.
    - Navi: Working on the GitHub YAML file for the stale tickets. Issues connecting to Github. Next: Will reach out to Aapeli soon to brainstorm.
    - Gracee: Working on spinner placement ticket and got dev environment up and running. Will open PR soon. Next: Uncommenting report button and/or search filter clear ticket.
    - Yannic: Writing emails to potential volunteers, going through the backlog of volunteer applications. Next: User survey key insights via LLM. Will go over with Jesse in person Friday.
    - Nicole: Package upgrading. Working on React v18 upgrade. That led to upgrading react-hook-form as it's not compatible with React v18.
    - Krishna: Working on map and will reach out to David to see where things are left.
    - Justyna (sent update virtually): Opening PR for communities sorting soon. Next: Will search for a new ticket.
    - Ivan (sent update virtually): Working on mobile app map screen.
