# Weekly meeting

When: 15/4/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Alena, Bruna, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Kiki, Nicole, Pablo, Shirley
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Intros
* Nicole: one more thing to fix on the map before it can be merged
* Aapeli: news items for activeness email
  - Nicole: maybe as part of the reminders card
  - Consensus: will create an issue on how to create a JSON list with the latest bullet points
* Jesse: worried about map view going away on mobile
  - Nicole: are we sure people are even using the map?
  - Consensus: we'll just release it and listen for feedback
* Pablo: trying to do community sorting alphabetically
  - Offset/limit issue
  - Will chat with Aapeli after this meeting
* Chris: planning to move the CouchOps meeting to a different time since people from Asia weren't joining
  - Consensus: will move to Thursday 20 UTC
* Colleen: need a solution to share password for marketing/social media
  - Aapeli: will look at different password managers and set it up

* What everyone's working on:
  - Nicole: pretty much finished the map, PRs to fix: confirm upload issue, fixed page height, SV move to settings, fixing notification settings replies categories, image upload, board cleanup; working on notification feed
  - Colleen: finished the time picker; working on dashboard blog post thing
  - Aapeli: published blog post, fixed console bug, finalizing chatwoot upgrade; working on donation analysis, will do backend notification updates, and will talk to Pablo (backend dev stuff) & Chris (roadmap/updates/release notes), trying instagram for Colleen and Bruna
  - Pablo: merged PR for frontend username link; working on sorting communities alphabetically, setting up VS Code backend debugging
  - Alena: getting onboarded; will find a ticket and join slack
  - Jesse: ops meeting, community & moderation, working on lots of testing; working on a lot of non-dev things (will discuss in ops meeting)
  - Shirley: looked through new communities page design, added feedback for new landing page design; happy to continue to give feedback going forward
  - Chris: working on roadmap, working on community (organizing a meetup in Sydney soon), worked on some wiki stuff; will be in ops meeting
  - Bruna: added suggestions for landing page, printed some branding stuff for the upcoming Oakland meetup; will be joining ops meeting for ops things
  - Kiki: getting onboarded; will find a ticket and join slack
