# Weekly meeting

When: 22/4/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Laura, Lee, Nicole, Rafael
Scribe: Jesse

# Notes

* Aapeli: financial blog post
* Aapeli: AWS discount due to commitment
* Aapeli: upgraded chatwoot
* Jesse & Aapeli: working on moderation
* Nicole: Map is released

* What everyone's working on:
  - Nicole: working on notifications feed, response rate PR and expired requests PR
  - Rafael: busy; still working on PR, got some errors
  - Aapeli: Set up PW manager, upgraded chatwoot, working on some docs/policy updates, working with Chris on blog post with v0.9.9 just before v1.0 release to show what we all accomplished
  - Laura: working on UI language selector
  - Chris: Roadmap - any changes needed? No - Aapeli will merge
  - Lee: getting environment set up on windows; will take on “notify attendees” issue
  - Colleen: moving communities to it’s own page; We made an instagram post!
  - Jesse: support/moderation stuff, new communities created, testing of PRs, to-do: get nicole notes on private feedback
