# Weekly meeting

When: 8/4/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Bruna, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Lee, Nicole, Pablo, Rafael, Shirley
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Intros
* Nicole: Map!
* Nicole: overview of github boards, project management, etc
* Aapeli: adopting `uv`?
* Jesse: are we going to do release versions/numbering?
  - Might be good for marketing?
  - People might get excited about "big releases"
  - Identifying better what was done and when might help, versions might help here
  - Nicole: we should increment the version number on big releases

* What everyone's working on:
  - Nicole: finishing the map, then reviewing people's PRs, really looking forward to picking up a new ticket, onboarding Lee
  - Jesse: community work, couchops meeting, looked through the last blog post, added some help center pages
  - Aapeli: set up new bank account, CouchOps, moderation, exactly_user_ids, response rate (+activeness probes); working next on chatwoot upgrade, donation analysis, publish the next blog post
  - Rafael: pending host requests notifications (but has some issues), moderation; working on finishing up those two
  - Shirley: was away for finals, will be out of action for a while starting end of April; working on community tab design?
  - Pablo: finished PR on adding username to the profile page; working next on image upload issue (#5184)
  - Colleen: working on time picker; continuing on it
  - Lee: working on onboarding, will chat with Aapeli after this meeting
  - Chris: community building, will be joining CouchOps meeting and doing updates there
