# Weekly meeting

When: 7/1/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Gabx, Gracee, Jesse, Justyna, Krishna, Navi, Nicole, Shirley
Scribe: Aapeli, Nicole

# Notes

* Introductions
* Nicole: forum delisting
* Nicole: volunteer newsletter
  - Nicole is writing it
  - Jesse is going to produce a list
* Nicole: there's a lot of in-progress PRs, we should get to merging them
  - Flags for discussions (#5393): is pretty close, Aapeli should push it through
  - Users by badge (#5261): Shirley will look into taking over missing mobile layout
* Nicole: we talked about priorities last year, what's going on with that?
  - Aapeli: is a bit braindead this early (7 am Brisbane time)
  - Aapeli: we should involve the board in that too
* Nicole: vercel is not always matching the local version?

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: added a santa cap, added IPv6 support, removed storybook. Will get re-oriented by next week.
  - Jesse: Doing most critical support tickets as has been in Greece. Got Shirley mostly onboarded. Some code reviews. Next: Email list of past and current volunteers, go through support backlog, some outstanding issues to clarify.
  - Justyna: Merged some new styled prs. Next: Communities order PR.
  - Krishna: Working user filtering based on language PR. Next: Working on bug for expired requests showing under pending messages as unread. Might also work on filter for smoking.
  - Gracee: Have been working on the clear filters issue. Logic was a lot more complicated once got into it. Next: Wants to wrap up clear filters ticket.
  - Shirley: Worked on notification feed popup issue. Next: Continue to work on mobile version, users by badge.
  - Navi: Working on abandoned tickets Github Action. Next: Continuing with that, will send state diagram to Aapeli.
  - Chris: Come up with an action plan to engage/create community in Brisbane.
  - Nicole: Next upgrade v13 pt 1, merge Datepicker. Next: next v13 pt2 upgrade, MUI conversions, edits to volunteer newsletter.
  - Gabs: had to leave early, we'll ask him if he's like to take charge of the rebranding effort
