# Weekly meeting

When: 18/2/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Colleen, Gracee, Jesse, Laura, Nicole, Shane
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Chit chat
* Nicole: map demo
  - Bunch of comments and discussion
  - Consensus: looks awesome
* Discussion on release notes
  - Who is down to help push it?
  - Nicole & Aapeli are OK to produce list of technical updates
  - Colleen & Chris are interested in helping
  - Aapeli: will do CouchersBot post once a month
  - Produce both a blog post + an updates newsletter
* Aapeli: maybe include some kind of version on the platform?
  - So that when people go "what's new", there's a date + link to github
  - Consensus: we can add it in the footer

* What everyone's working on:
  - Nicole: been working on the map; will continue working on the map
  - Aapeli: will be sending out the newsletter tonight (Nicole has been helping), will also wrap up PRs from long ago
  - Shane: fixed profile image upload-related issue
  - Laura: working on language preference backend, had some questions
  - Gracee: working on swapping out communities event component (long vs short, etc)
  - Chris: working on ironing out volunteer onboarding (in particular for not-so-technical folks) with Jesse
  - Colleen: busy quitting and being sick, will work with Nicole to pick up some tickets, social media domination
  - Jesse: has been sick for the past few weeks, been working on support, Zulip, working with Shane to get them on support
