# Weekly meeting

When: 18/3/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Bruna, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Krishna, Laura, Mindy, Nicole, Shirley
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Nicole: map PoC
* Nicole: has a fix for one of the critical issues, Aapeli will review
* Nicole: working on organizing regular non-dev meeting
  - Timezones are very tricky, at least one timezone needs to be excluded
* Big discussion on merch

* What everyone's working on:
  - Jesse: moderation stuff, map PoC review, helping with moderation subsystem discussions with Aapeli & Rafael, interviews upcoming; working on a lot of things
  - Krishna: still working on backend for expired requests, will continue
  - Nicole: addressing map PoC comments, made & clarified a lot of tickets, organizing couchops meeting, PR for signup cookie bar bug; working on the "Save anyway" bug, map PoC
  - Aapeli: merged activeness probes, couchops things, lots of work with Jesse & Rafael, a bunch of other random stuff; pushing a commit on Laura's PR for testing, 
  - Laura: finishing the language preference cookie; will work on frontend piece awesome
  - Chris: working on blog post (waiting for Jesse's proof read); working on roadmap
  - Shirley: been pretty busy; community page
  - Colleen: been in sick bed; working her way through picking up easy tickets
  - Bruna: uploaded some promo pictures; will get in touch with Chris and Colleen on social media/instagram stuff
  - Mindy: been very busy; working on merch design, reviewing landing page, postcards, roadmap (with Chris)
