# Weekly meeting

When: 4/3/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Bruna, Chris, Colleen, David, Gracee, James, Jesse, Krishna, Laura, Mindy, Nicole, Rafael, Shirley,
Scribe: Nicole

# Notes

* Introductions: Welcome Bruna, James, Rafael!
*  Reminder of our goals: 
    * Get out of beta - in next few months finishing cleaning up core features, build out a couple other filters, then do marketing/PR push. After that gear more towards mobile app. Our current priorities:
        * Fixing up frontend map (Nicole), improving backend (Aapeli)
        * Push notifications out of feature preview
        * Improve signup flow
        * Updating way reference flow works
        * Move communities to own page
        * Move strong verification out of feature preview
        * Activeness probes - reminders if you haven’t logged in awhile and have marked “can host” (only turn on after post-beta release)
        * Blocking/unblocking
        * Redo messages page
* Non-dev
    * Remove shared sleeping surfaces as sleeping arrangement option…done!
    * Ban nudism
    * More info about what is Couchsurfing
    * Rebranding to own identity
    * Community work on Zulip
    * Merchandise

* Updates
    * Nicole: Finished map functionality, working on refactoring next, working with Aapeli to decide backend improvements, clarified some tickets.
    * Laura: Draft PR for adding a cookie on the backend for language preference. Needs to fix failing tests and write new tests.
    * Chris: Writing blog posts, working on making roadmap pretty with Mindy, wants to define roadmap for future quarters.
    * Mindy: Working on Couchers rebranding landing page, postcard verification design.
    * Krishna: Looking into bug expired request while pending. Will work on archiving of messages backend.
    * Shirley: Integrating feedback for the reminders dashboard, might start new messages tab next.
    * Aapeli: Merged PR with frontend tweaks, roadmap in footer, shows last time platform updated in footer, worked on activeness probes. Will finish notifications PR, and working on some kind of invite feature.
    * Colleen: Working on edit community redirect
    * Bruna: Will connect with Jesse and get onboarded for community building stuff
    * James and Rafael: Getting the backend environment running, will connect with Aapeli for tickets
