# Weekly Dev meeting

When: 29/4/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Alena, Charlotte, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Laura, Lee, Nicole, Pablo, Rafael
Scribe: Aapeli & others

# Notes

* Intros
* Aapeli: public profile
  * Consensus: it’s okay to have a randomized public map (with like 2-5 km randomization)
  * We’ll ask people to make a decision when they next log in on exact publicness preference, then after a while (?) default to map-only
* Pablo: big discussion on mobile app
  * Pablo: interested in it, who’s working on it?
  * Aapeli: it’s a big priority after the v1 launch

* What everyone's working on:
  * Nicole: requests marked as in the past/expired now on messages page, notifications feed; addressing bug on mobile chrome - can’t log in on mobile, getting logged out so it’s tough; busy due to visa application
  * Aapeli: busy with policy changes stuff, merged PR for donations stuff; working on donations page where donors can update their recurring donations
  * Laura: working on frontend language (translation) selector; working on persistence when the user exits the selector, some i18n issue
  * Chris: Translate new strings to German, keep roadmap up-to-date - perhaps on weekly basis; quarterly check-in for big changes to roadmap!
  * Rafael: finished host request reminders but there are some errors on ci/cd; continuing to work on it next
  * Colleen: working on communities page; continuing on it (adding some links and making it pretty, adding tests)
  * Pablo: was on vacay, merged a PR for ordering of communities; working on docs for running the backend in a dev container with VS Code, interested in potentially tackling react native app
  * Alena: working on onboarding and figuring out the codebase, working on UserSummary ticket together with Kiki; will make a PR and ask Nicole to look at it
  * Lee: Still working on getting the dev environment working on Windows. Will reach out if she has a specific question. Busy with moving to Austin.
  * Charlotte: onboarding and getting familiar with design system; looking at the landing page
  * Jesse: worked on a mockup/designs for the community page, testing on some PRs (in particular the rebooted mobile map); working on integration in Monday for community creation requests
