# Weekly Dev meeting

When: 6/5/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Caroline, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Kirti, Laura, Nicole, Pablo, Rafael
Scribe: Nicole

# Notes

* Intros
* Went over priorities for leaving beta. We're about 3/4 way through. Major things left: reference flow, block/unblock users, and lots of smaller moderation and UI tickets. Here's where we stand with the checklist
    - [x] New map search
    - [x] Push notifications into main app
    - [x] Event/community/discussion/comment notifications (backend)
    - [x] Notifications Feed
    - [x] Make communities own page (frontend)
    - [x] Move Strong Verification out of feature preview (frontend)
    - [x] Activeness probes: Cron job to send email, new table for userId, activeness to emails
    - [x] Ability to send messages once request has expired
    - [x] Ability to block/unblock users (frontend, backend done)
    - [x] Move Phone Verification out of feature preview (frontend)
    - [ ] Move push notifications out of feature preview (frontend)
    - [ ] Notifications for a reply to a reply (backend)
    - [ ] Pending host requests (backend, PR OPEN - almost done)
    - [ ] Reference flow updates - add "did not meet" and private feedback options (frontend)
    - [ ] Mods view commentId somewhere in the frontend (ideally a link to the comment for mod) (PR OPEN)
    - [ ] Add ability to report events (frontend)
* These features we decided to delay until after beta release, as we need more time and thought dedicated to them:
    - [] Signup flow improvements
    - [] Communities - Add breadcrumbs
    - [] Rate limit trigger to notify support (100 messages within 10 min send support notification)
    - [] Delete/Edit Community APIs (IN PROGRESS PART OF NEW MODERATION DASHBOARD) 
* Talked about moderation tooling
* Complaints about duplicate notifications for messages, reminder coming too quickly. Can we adjust the timing of the messaging and events reminders?
    - Not a super quick fix - requires some re-thinking of the backend notifications system.
    - Can we say if you have push notifications turned on - don't send a second time? Decide if frontend or backend settings.
* Plug for Thursday non-dev meeting. Join if you wanna talk about non-dev stuff.

# Updates

* Rafael: Really productive week. Pending host request notifications PR open. Made unified moderation system epic ticket and continuing work on it.
* Aapeli: Sorted out some Vercel issues that came up during mobile map testing, non-dev stuff with Jesse, opened PR to move admin tools from console to main platform and assorted bug fixes. Needs review.
* Chris: Updated the roadmap and working on operations stuff - will be covered more in Thursday meeting.
* Jesse: Did mock up of different things needed in the moderation console, tried to get reddit mention zap working again, some more non-dev stuff.
* Laura: Made more progress on UI language picker. Some issues with logging in and out and detecting language. needs to write some tests.
* Colleen: Merged the new communities page first iteration! Will message Nicole about next ticket. Working on social media stuff will talk more in non-dev meeting.
* Pablo: Created a Couchers event! Did debugging ticket for dev containers. Picking up issues about linking users #4355. Posted some questions, will discuss details with Aapeli in Slack conversation.
* Caroline: Getting backend setup - talking with Aapeli for suitable ticket. Probably will do minimum length for host requests tickets #5952.
* Nicole: Merged the mobile filters UI improvements, map search architured, reviewed Prs, I made a lot of tickets. Make the tickets we talked about to get out of beta, start host request flow. 
