# Weekly meeting

When: 25/2/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Jesse, Laura, Mindy, Nicole, Shirley, Yannic
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Introductions
* Laura: merged her first PR!
* Aapeli: AWS cost optimization (savings plans, etc)
* Aapeli: volunteer newsletter was sent out (and that's why Mindy found us)
* Aapeli: got creds for social & worked on a little Q&A video with his surfer (Biru)
* Nicole: shared sleeping surface migration
  - Aapeli: should we have some kind of info on frontend on what each option means?
* Chris: roadmap updates, looking for feedback
* Nicole: map demo

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: SV filter fix, fixed some other bugs, non-dev things (newsletter, social); working next on a few small feature PRs
  - Chris: worked on roadmap; figuring out how to do a pretty graphical/table one
  - Nicole: working on map (mostly on zooming), as well as clarifying tickets, members page; will work on a mobile version, testing, and bugfixing for map
  - Laura: finished language preference backend; working on language preference cookie next
  - Shirley: worked on dashboard design; looking at reference flow designs, maybe help with mobile design for map
  - Yannic: wrapping up journey, figuring out how to send out results, helping out with recruitment
  - Mindy: will work with Chris on roadmap, will work with Aapeli on verification postcard design
  - Jesse: did support stuff, helped Shane get up and running on support!
