# Weekly meeting

When: 11/2/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Gracee, Kelvin, Laura, Nicole, Shirley
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Shirley: clarification on "didn't meet up" reference flow
* Laura: dev environment setup, backend test issues
* Nicole (beforehand): email to the safety team when there is private_text part: this is done and implemented
* Aapeli: non-dev meeting whenisgood
* Nicole: demoing her new map implementation

* What everyone's working on:
  - Kelvin: updated PR, pushed changes in the afternoon; picked up #5217 next
  - Shirley: been working on moving SV out of feature preview, "didn't meet up" flow; hopefully getting those done by this week
  - Gracee: have been very busy then sick; will pick up #5021 next
  - Laura: working on #5467 (language preference backend)
  - Chris: working with Jesse for Zulip and community building
  - Aapeli: as mentioned last week, busy with phd stuff; wrap up notification PR from long ago, non-dev meeting and catch up on some other non-dev stuff
  - Nicole: have been working on the map POC, reference flow + private feedback (mostly done); focussing on map (navbar) next, then filters etc
