# Weekly meeting

When: 14/1/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Ivan, Kelvin, Jesse, Navi, Nicole, Shirley
Scribe: Nicole

# Notes

* Introductions - Welcome Kelvin joining as a full-stack developer.
* Jesse: Chatwoot has a new release with lots of good new features we plan to implement.
* Chris: Is there an org chart for Couchers?
    - There used to be but it was too fluid to keep it up to date.
    - Onboarding and who to ask for what is not clear.
    - We have a previous onboarding wiki: https://couchershq.org/
    - Chris said happy to update onboarding documentation once he's onboarding
    - Feel free to ask in Slack or reach out to Aapeli, Jesse, Nicole, etc.
* Aapeli: Chitchat about air travel shit show back from Australia.
* Nicole: Volunteer newsletter. Aapeli will look at it soon and approve.
    - Will we have photos in it? Yes the one of us in zoom.
    - Add section at the start: Why getting this newsletter, how often, how to unsubscribe.
- Nicole: Realized we don't have a select option to choose language of website, re: translations.
    - Shirley will look at Figma for existing language selector design. If not, will consider where to put it.
- Chris: Strong verification expiring with passport? 
    - It’s so you can’t make more than one account. Soon Iris will make it so you can only use passport.
    - Wasn’t sure how to translate shared space vs shared sleeping surface. Should be private room, shared room, common area. Should not list shared area.
- Discussion on merging native app into develop. Yes, we'll merge it.

* What everyone's working on:
    - Nicole: Merged default date PR, reviewed PRs, started next v14 upgrade. Next: Keep going with Next v14 upgrade.
    - Navi: Got a workflow for the stale PRs set up, confused how to test. Will ping Aapeli to pair. Next: Finish the stale PR workflow.
    - Ivan: Been busy with holidays. Last was working on the map. Started experimenting looking into gps location for mobile rather than then pulling a huge json. Next: Wants to change logic once we navigate to place what shows with zoom, etc. We agreed okay to change logic if good improvements spotted. Aapeli asked if we can implement notifications in the app. 
    - Shirley: Worked on the badges mobile version, event tiles comments design. Next: Needs a new ticket. Suggested was signup/login flow. Will look at language selector.
    - Kelvin: Getting onboarded to Slack and Github and finding first ticket. Maybe notifications feed.
    - Aapeli: Been traveling. Some PR reviews and fixes.  Next: Making tickets. Catching up after traveling.
    - Chris: Been translating to German. Trying to reach out to Brisbane community to build something there. Next: Australia community page really needs an update. Will reach out to Jesse to get added as a community builder so he has access. Next: Working on updating the onboarding.
    - Jesse: Working on backlog of support tickets. Should be done tonight. Next: Fix the past birthdate errors that emailed support since the date fix. Aapeli will send Jesse CSV for that.
