# Weekly Dev meeting

When: 13/5/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Caroline, Chris, Jesse, Kiki, Nicole, Pablo, Rishi, Yannic
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Intros
* Aapeli: v1 final push
  - recap on where we are
  - Nicole: will make a github milestone with the remaining v1 things
* Nicole: landing page
  - we'll make a new branch for the landing page update, do PRs to that
  - we'll decide on the final copy as we work on the landing page
* Jesse: please watch out for Couchers stuff
* Jesse: bug about community invite wording
  - email title says "invited", text says "created"
* Chris: could we add a link to "Blog" link to the navbar?
* Chris: could we obfuscate the phone/email display in account settings so if someone gains access to your account, they can't see everything straight up
* Aapeli: UsersList infinite query bug with long lists

* What everyone's working on:
  - Chris: working on some writing, updating the wiki, updated roadmap, wrote a blog article for adding the website to phone home screen; will maintain 100% German translation status
  - Nicole: working on the reference flow (routing is brain-breaking); working on board cleanup (landing page tickets, etc), reviewing PRs
  - Kiki: working on env setup etc, and an assigned issues (user summary long text/location stuff); continuing on those two tickets
  - Yannic: getting back into it; tweak user ranking to have some new users show up too, request rate limits
  - Caroline: working on minimum character count but running into backend test issues (seems some tests are sending short reqs, so they might need updates); continuing on it
  - Jesse: worked on big ops project involving moderation work etc, working on unifying some community building stuff into monday; 
  - Aapeli: reviewed a bunch of PRs, server maintenance, versioning, release notes for v0.9.9, big ops project, built some admin tools; team page API stuff, a gazillion tickets
  - Rafael (via Slack): worked on v1 of Unified Moderation System and opened a preview PR for Aapeli; will continue on it next week
  - Pablo (via Slack): working on the duplicated users issue, did some good progress with the new architecture discussed; will continue on it next week
