# Weekly meeting

When: 21/1/25, 21:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chalen, Colleen, Gabx, Gracee, Jacob, Jesse, Kelvin, Krishna, Nicole, Shane, Shirley, Yannic
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Introductions
* Aapeli: quick overview of our medium term priorities
  - "v1 launch": repositioning + tightening up core features
  - Aiming for around May: Northern hemisphere summer is big season for us + doing around our birthday (May) would be cute
  - List of priorities that Nicole, Jesse, and Aapeli have been brainstorming:
* Dev:
  - Map Search needs to be very solid
  - Notifications:
    - Push notifications into main app
    - For community features (incl events)
    - Feed/tray
  - Signup flow improvements
    - Requires a discussion
  - Reference updates
    - Private feedback
    - "Didn't meet up?" - feature (email/messages option to say didn't actually meet up to stop reference pressure)
  - Community page
    - Turn into own page in navbar
    - Add breadcrumbs
  - Moderation tooling (in console)
    - "New users" feed (admins to see if anyone looks sus)
    - Delete/Edit Community APIs
    - Rate limit trigger to notify support (100 messages within 10 min send support notification)
  - Strong Verification â€“ repositioning depends on it
    - Move out of feature preview
  - Activeness probes
  - Block/unblock
  - Ability to send messages once request has expired
* Non-dev post-beta requirements
  - Address certain behaviours the board has agreed on
  - Landing page repositioning
  - What is couch surfing pages? I.e. intro for noobies
  - Create more communities (countries/cities)
  - Marketing drive!
  - A newsletter for the v1 launch
  - Merch!
* Krishna: how can we effectively rally behind these goals?

* What everyone's working on:
  - Nicole: merged next v14 upgrade, bunch of other upgrades, made + working on lots of tickets for priorities, finishing mui right now, then working on map later
  - Gabx: working on rebranding/repositioning, mirror/figma/mood boards
  - Krishna: worked on adding search backend filters last, working on how past requests show up in the search
  - Aapeli: upgraded python (to 3.13), listmonk (to v4), merged allow messaging past reqs and didnt meetup feature backend; working next on wrapping up very old PRs
  - Shirley: worked on language selection toggle, has some questions about SV on ui/ux slack channel
  - Kelvin: been quite busy, got the dev environment set up, will find a good first issue and work on it next
  - Shane: feature to direct user to help page when they need to report an issue instead of just showing an email, working on tests next
  - Yannic: finalizing survey, had some thoughts while travelling
  - Jesse: worked on privacy policy, talking with Chris about smoothing out onboarding
  - Jacob: picking up a good first issue (some padding related issue)
  - Gracee: helping Nicole troubleshoot the map but that was abandoned, helping with mui updates next
  - Colleen: Nicole will help onboard her
  - Chalen: have been busier than expected over the holidays, will follow up on some things he saw on Slack, keen to help on repositioning/landing page
