# Weekly meeting

When: 11/3/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Bruna, Chris, Jesse, Laura, Mindy, Nicole, Rafael
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Chit chat
* Jesse: opinions on username placement
* Rafael: edit/delete ref PR discussion
* Aapeli: team page updates
* Aapeli: postcard verification
  - Sponsorship opportunity with a bunch of free postcard
  - Want to use it to incentivies e.g. SV: "Do SV and get a free mail verification"
  - Or nudge/encourage users, e.g. women who've had one interaction, etc.
  - Mindy: showed a really cool postcard verification design
  - Aapeli will send Mindy the new design blanks
* Nicole: has made a huge map POC! Have a look at it and report any bugs, etc!
* A discussion on verification, what it verifies, good/bad actors, it's good to make the "virtual" couchers more concrete/tactile (via postcards, merch), etc
* Chris: reminds everyone to pop into #marketing and write in what they have been/are working on so he can construct a roadmap

* What everyone's working on:
  - Mindy: postcard design and roadmap design; continuing
  - Nicole: worked on & opened PR for map POC, tickets to clarify sleeping arrangement, username in profile, breadcrumbs in communities, reminders epic, cleaning up abandoned tickets, talked to miuriel to make sure she can start the messages design; continuing on map POC
  - Jesse: figuring out figma stuff, worked on mockups, support stuff; continuing to sort out figma thing
  - Aapeli: activeness probes, notifications for community things; finishing off these PRs, map backend, play with mail verification api a bit tho
  - Rafael: opened PR for reference editing/deletion; working on those two as well
  - Laura: working on language preference PR; working on it and then will work on the frontend piece next!
  - Chris: working on blog post, roadmap; working on roadmap next
  - Bruna: organizing a meeting with Nicole; will look into instagram, can help with photography
