# Weekly meeting

When: 1/4/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Chris, Colleen, Jesse, Laura, Nicole, Rafael
Scribe: Nicole

# Notes

* Everyone is sick.
* Abandoned ticket [#5123](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/issues/5123) - Update community is merged, delete community complicated. Change ticket to be update only, make new ticket for delete and mark update as done.
* Talk about abandoned tickets and what is done.
* Discussion on interviews and who is interviewing.
* Map discussion:
    - Some people don't have a location - 18 people legacy data.
* Nordic community builders networking in progress.

* What everyone's working on:
    - Aapeli: Been sick, stressed about PhD stuff. Merged some dependabot PRs, discussed post request reminders with Rafael. CouchOps meeting for non-dev stuff. Next: Adding user_ids list on backend, moderation and CouchOps meetings.
    - Laura: Fixed layout issues with language select in navbar and in account settings. Will open PR for advice to clean up code and make changes.
    - Chris: Joined CouchOps meeting last weekend, going to annoy Aapeli to get blog post from Colleen merged. Jesse will review it tomorrow. Talk to Aapeli to get an update post bot going semi-automatically. Will look at map POC too. 
    - Jesse: Was on vacation. Caught up on support backlog. Did mock up of intermediate step for communities page. Nicole will review, please annoy her.
    - Rafael: Working on pending host request notification - almost done just need to write tests. Wants to organize meeting with Aapeli and Jesse about moderation.
    - Colleen: Working on switching out the timepicker so colors match ours. Will continue working on it.
    - Nicole: Continuing to address new feedback for map POC, went through abandoned tickets on the board, helpng people troubleshoot frontend stuff. Next: Finish addressing map POC feedback hopefully! Link color fix PR.
